docs: fix typos and improve clarity in contribution guidelines (#1634)
webpack-contrib/css-loader: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

## <a name="issue"></a> Found an Issue or Bug?

Before you submit an issue, please search the issue tracker, an issue for your problem may already exist and the discussion might inform you of workarounds readily available.

We want to fix all the issues as soon as possible, but before fixing a bug we need to reproduce and confirm it. In order to reproduce bugs, we ask that you provide a minimal reproduction scenario (github repo or failing test case). Having a live, reproducible scenario gives us a wealth of important information without going back & forth to you with additional questions like:

- version of Webpack used
- version of the loader / plugin you are creating a bug report for
- the use-case that fails

A minimal reproduce scenario allows us to quickly confirm a bug (or point out config problems) as well as confirm that we are fixing the right problem.

> We will be insisting on a minimal reproduce scenario in order to save maintainers time and ultimately be able to fix more bugs. We understand that sometimes it might be hard to extract essential bits of code from a larger codebase but we really need to isolate the problem before we can fix it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be insisting on a minimal reproduction scenario in order to save maintainers' time and ultimately be able to fix more bugs. We understand that sometimes it might be hard to extract essential bits of code from a larger codebase, but we really need to isolate the problem before we can fix it.
```

## Contributor License Agreement

When submitting your contribution, a CLA (Contributor License Agreement) bot will verify whether you have signed the [CLA](https://easycla.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/#/?version=2).
If it is your first time, it will link you to the right place to sign it.
However, if the email used in your commits doesn’t match the email associated with your GitHub account, the CLA bot won’t accept your contribution.

> Run `Git config user.email` to see your Git email, and verify it with [your GitHub email](https://github.com/settings/emails).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `git config user.email` to see your Git email, and verify it with [your GitHub email](https://github.com/settings/emails).
```
